  
   
   <body>
    <h1>Build Automation Tools</h1>
    <ol>
      <li>Jenkins</li>
      <li>Maven</li>
      <li>Gradle</li>
      <li>Travis CI</li>
      <li>Bamboo</li>
      <li>CircleCI</li>
      <li>TeamCity</li>
    </ol>
    <h2>Expected Benefits of Build Automation</h2>
    <ul>
      <li>Saving time and money</li>
      <li>Keeping a history of builds and releases</li>
      <li>Assisting in issue investigation</li>
      <li>Eliminating dependencies on key personnel</li>
      <li>Accelerating the process</li>
      <li>Performing redundant tasks</li>
    </ul>
    <h2>Challenges and Problems with Implementing Build Automation</h2>
    <ol>
      <li>Effective communication and collaboration in team</li>
      <li>Selecting the right tool</li>
      <li>Demanding skilled resources</li>
      <li>Selecting a proper testing approach</li>
      <li>High upfront investment cost</li>
    </ol>
    <h1>Test Automation Tools</h1>
    <ul>
      <li>The Katalon Platform</li>
      <li>Selenium</li>
      <li>AppiumTest</li>
      <li>Complete</li>
      <li>Cypress</li>
      <li>Ranorex</li>
      <li>StudioPerfecto</li>
      <li>LambdaTest</li>
      <li>Postman</li>
      <li>SoapUI</li>
      <li>Eggplant Functional</li>
      <li>Tricentis Tosca</li>
      <li>Apache JMeter</li>
      <li>Robot Framework</li>
      <li>Protractor</li>
    </ul>
    <h2>Expected Benefits of Test Automation</h2>
    <ul>
      <li>Saving time and money by reducing the time to run repetitive tests from days to hours</li>
      <li>Test case prioritization</li>
      <li>Communication and collaboration</li>
      <li>Finding the right testing framework or tool</li>
      <li>Taking real user conditions into account</li>
      <li>Finding the right skills</li>
    </ul>
    <h1>Deployment Automation Tools</h1>
    <ul>
      <li>Capistrano</li>
      <li>Juju</li>
      <li>Travis CI</li>
      <li>GoCD</li>
      <li>Jenkins</li>
      <li>Octopus Deploy</li>
      <li>IBM UrbanCode Deploy</li>
      <li>AWS CodeDeploy</li>
    </ul>
    <h2>Expected Benefits of Deployment Automation</h2>
    <ul>
      <li>Anyone can deploy</li>
      <li>Faster and more efficient deployment</li>
      <li>Increased productivity</li>
      <li>Fewer errors</li>
      <li>More frequent releases</li
	<h1>DevOps Automation</h1>
	<p>Automation provides immediate feedback which is essential for DevOps.
<h2>Challenges and Problems with Implementing Deployment Automation</h2>
<ul>
	<li>Complexity of the existing process.</li>
	<li>Dependencies between services.</li>
	<li>Components that are not designed for automation.</li>
	<li>Poor collaboration between teams.</li>
</ul>

<h2>Value of Automation</h2>
<ul>
	<li>Productivity: Automation reduces non value added labor in production.</li>
	<li>Quality: Automation can help reduce error rates.</li>
	<li>Speed: Automation can improve cycle times.</li>
</ul>

<h2>Why Not Automate Every Process in DevOps?</h2>
<p>In an attempt to automate development processes, people may link together too many tools and end up over automating. This level of DevOps automation can lead to all sorts of undesirable outcomes.</p>
</body>
</html>



